[Music]
hi welcome to another episode of family
favorites and to my kitchen I'm Cassidy
from BBC cat food and I'm going to show
you how to make one of my family's
favorite curries this is our version of
a really easy butter chicken the first
thing I'm going to do is just marinate
the chicken that so I've got 500 grams
of chicken thighs here which I've just
chopped into large chunks and to that
we're going to add some spices so I've
got 2 teaspoons of ground cumin and 2
teaspoons of paprika and a little bit of
salt I'm just going to add that to 200
grams of yoghurt and also a half a lemon
just juiced
I will just mix that together pour it
all over the chicken now this isn't a
traditional style butter chicken because
it doesn't actually contain any butter
instead we're going to use yogurt to add
that lovely dairy richness but it'll be
a little bit lighter than the
traditional version ok so just taking
the chicken out of the fridge it's have
about an hour in there just to marinate
it all those lovely spices so now we're
ready to start making the curry I've got
1 onion a green chili some ginger 3
garlic cloves a teaspoon of garam masala
and a teaspoon of ground fenugreek and 3
tablespoons of tomato puree then I've
got 300 mils of chicken stock here which
I've just made up with a low salt
chicken stock cube so I'll start with
the ginger you can hear this with a
knife but sometimes I like to do it with
a spoon
and what about thumb size piece for this
and I'm just gonna grate the ginger on a
fine grater I'm just using 1 green chili
for this recipe but you can add more if
you like and I'm going to remove the
seeds just because I don't want it too
spicy but again if you like a bit of
spice then feel free to leave them in so
I've been joined by my little helper
here she's chopping up some ingredients
for me and we've got our grated ginger
and I've chopped chilli ready to go and
the next job is to chop the garlic
so I'll just crush it with the side of
my knife peel the skins off and then
we'll finely chop them and finally our
last job is just to chop up the onion
[Music]
okay over to the hop I'm going to keep a
very large pan over a medium heat just a
couple of tablespoons of oil and we'll
just fry off our onions ginger and
garlic for about ten minutes until
they're nice and soft okay so this has
been cooking for eight minutes now and
onions are really lovely and soft just
make sure you keep an eye on it as it
cooks because the ginger and the garlic
can burn quite easily okay we're ready
to add the recipe ingredients so I'll
tipping the spices and the tomato puree
and just stir that around the pan for 30
seconds or so make sure they suffice
there but just clipped off nicely
that looks great chicken try and get all
that marinade in there as well finally
our chicken stock okay so I'm just going
to pop a lid on and we'll cook that for
about half an hour until chicken is nice
and tender so the Curry's been cooking
for about half an hour now
I've just tried a piece of chicken and
it's nice and tender so almost ready to
serve at this point it's a really good
idea to just check the sauce and see if
it needs any seasoning I'm going to add
a little bit of sugar to the sauce just
to balance out the acidity from the
yogurt and the lemon juice and you might
want to add a pinch of extra salt or
some pepper or chili if you want it a
bit spicier
okay we're ready to serve up
I like to serve mine with a big spoonful
of mango chutney a wedge of lime some
coriander and some extra chili
so that is our super easy chicken butter
curry really hope you love it
[Music]
you